### End User

A natural person bearing full legal capacity, who have installed the app, accepted its Terms and Conditions and its Privacy Policy and who is actively using ProteGO Safe

### Infected User

End user who is an Infected Person and has been verified in ProteGO Safe using the PIN Code provided to him by the Contact Center

### Contact Center

Entity informing about one's COVID-19 test result via phone call, supplying App Users with PIN Codes and providing one's with up-to-date information about COVID-19

### PIN Code

Randomly generated and expiring after 30 minutes alphanumeric password issued by the  Contact Center consultant to the User who is an Infected Person. PIN Code can be entered in the ProteGO App in order to anonymously confirm, that this device belongs to an Infected Person and to initiate the process of Threat Risk assessment and user notification as a part of Coronavirus Exposure

### Diagnosis Key

Set of Daily Keys downloaded by the End Users, containing anonymous data initializing COVID-19 Exposure Risk assessment as a part of the Analytical Module. The Diagnosis Key is transferred to the ProteGO Safe Server after the Infected End User enters the PIN Code into the App and then to other End Users to analyze the Threat Risk and provide information if Coronavirus Exposure occurred.

### Temporal Identificators

Random, temporary (10 minute) alphanumeric identificators broadcasted via the Bluetoooth module

### Threat Level

Number between 1-8 assigned to each of the past 14 Daily Keys (days) uploaded to the ProteGO Safe Server, which allows for assessing the level of threat caused by the Infected User in that day.

### Threat Risk

Number between 0-4096 describing the potential risk of catching an infection from the Infected User

### Risk Assessment Algorithm

Model responsible for calculating the Threat Risk, taking into account: the duration of the meeting, time that has passed since the meeting, average strength of Bluetooth signal (adequate to the distance between the devices) and Threat Level determined for the Infected User


### Coronavirus Exposure

contact between the End User and the Infected, confirmed by the Risk assessment Algorithm

### Exposure Notification (EN) API or Analytical Module

The functionality of ProteGO Safe allowing for saving, creating and analysis of the contacts between the ProteGO Safe End Users' Devices. Exposure Notification API is based on Privacy-Preserving Contact Tracing API developed and published by Google and Apple. Detailed info about the Privacy-Preserving Contact Tracing API can be found here: https://www.google.com/covid19/exposurenotifications/. 
Data generated by the Exposure Notification API is stored locally on the Device for 14 days along with the results of App work. Exposure Notification API allows users to keep their anonymity.

### Infected or Infected User

Natural person, who was tested positive for COVID-19.

### Risk Configuration

Certain settings and parametrization of the Risk assessment Algorithm

### Device

Electronic device used by the User to gain access to the ProteGO Safe (tablet, smartphone, etc.) with active Bluetooth module, Android OS 5.0 or higher with access to Google Play, or with iOS version not lower than 13.5 with access to the App Store. Analytical Module will be working only on Devices with Android 6.0 supporting BLE or higher or with iOS not lower than 13.5 

### ProteGO Safe server

Cloud infrastructure maintained by the National Cloud Operator, user for providing the Diagnosis Keys to the Users' Devices. Diagnostic Keys are not stored on the ProteGO Safe Server

### Progressive Web App (PWA)

Web application ran like a standard website, but allowing for the impression of running as a native mobile or desktop app.

### Progressive Local App (PLA) 

Working-name forged by one of the ProteGO developers. It derives from the PWA (Progressive Web App) name. The word "web" was swapped for "local", because in contrast to the classic PWA implementation, PLA is stored locally on the device and does not require a network connection to work.